[snoring]
Life in another world,
ain't as cool as I thought!
I barely get by
as a noob adventurer.
A stable's the only place
I can afford to sleep.
[AQUA moaning]
Adventurers aren't
badasses at all.
They're just a bunch
of day-laboring nobodies.
If this was Japan,
they couldn't even afford
a capsule hotel
down some dank alley.
Minimum wage?
[sniffles]
Fair labor laws?
Why am I talkin'
to myself?!
[AQUA snoring]
[moaning]
Oh, good morning.
Don't "good morning" me.
It's almost freakin' noon.
I thought we were doing
a kill quest today.
Oh, right.
Since we weren't going
to work,
I thought I'd sleep in
for once.
[KAZUMA] So much for yesterday's
"you can count on me" BS.
-[yawns]
-Hello?
Didn't you say this world
was supposed
to be under attack
by the Devil King?
-[BOY] Cannonball!
-There's nothin' evil going on!
It couldn't get
any more peaceful here!
Well, of course.
This town's the furthest
from the Devil King's castle.
He wouldn't go out of his way
just to attack a place
that has nothing
but amateur adventurers in it!
Good point.
Now that I'm awake,
let's go on that kill quest!
You can count on me,
so don't you worry!
Yeah, that still doesn't make me
feel any better about it.
Oh well! You are
a goddess after all.
We should be fine.
Alright! Let's find
some cheap gear
and go kill some monsters!
Yeah!
-[wood thuds]
-[both yelp]
[MAN]
Shut up, or I'll beat
your damn heads in!
[BOTH]
Sorry! We'll keep it down!
[horn blowing]
[KAZUMA screaming]
Save me, Aqua!
[panting]
Save me--
Whoa!
[snickering]
This is hysterical!
[laughing]
You should see how red
your face is, Kazuma!
You look so desperate!
[KAZUMA] If I get out
of this alive, I'll kill her!
-[croaking]
-[KAZUMA] Giant Toads, man.
Way scarier
than your typical frog.
Goats are their
favorite food.
During the Giant Toad's
mating season,
they need strength
to lay their eggs,
so they show up at farms
and swallow the goats whole.
That's right, whole.
And get this, every year
during their mating season,
it's not unusual
for a couple farmers
and kids to go missing.
Think about that!
In case you're wondering
how Toad meat tastes,
it's a little tough,
but light and refreshing.
In these parts,
it's a delicacy.
Kazuma!
If you really, really want me
to save you,
all you have to do
is call me "Lady Aqua!"
[KAZUMA]
Lady Aqua!
That was way too easy.
-[panting]
-[AQUA] Okay, you shut-in NEET!
But starting tomorrow,
you have to worship me
and agree to some things!
Uh. Huh?
First, when we get back
into town,
you're going to join
the Axis sect
and pray to me
three times a day.
Second, at meal time,
if I ask for something
off your plate,
you have to give it to me.
And, third--
[gasps]
[KAZUMA] [panting]
Don't get eaten!
[KAZUMA/AQUA]
KonoSuba.
[KAZUMA panting]
[AQUA crying]
It's a good thing
it decided to sit still
while it was eating you.
[continues crying]
Thank you, Kazuma,
for saving me!
-Uh...
-[AQUA] Thank you!
Thank you so much!
[KAZUMA]
She smells like ass!
Come on, let's just
call it a day.
It's obvious these things
are way more than we can handle.
We can always try again
after we get some better gear.
[AQUA] I can't go back
looking like this.
[KAZUMA]
Huh?
If my followers saw me
in this disgusting slimy state,
they'd lose their faith in me!
Word would spread
some lowly frog bested me and,
and my reputation
as a stunning goddess
would be finished!
[KAZUMA]
She's so weird.
She's always been cool
sweatin' balls out
in front of the guys.
After a rinse,
she wolfs her dinner down
and drinks till she's blind.
She even sleeps with her
mouth open, droolin' all over.
And now she's stressing
about her rep?!
-[AQUA yelling]
-Huh?
Hey! Aqua!
[AQUA] You will know
the power of the gods!
How dare you bare
your filthy fangs at us?!
How dare you challenge me?!
You will know regret in the pits
of Hell, foul creature!
God Blow!
Whoa!
Lethal Fist!
One that carries
a goddess's rage and sorrow!
Whomever it strikes
will perish!
Heh! Up close like this,
you froggies are pretty cute!
Ahh!
Holy-- Aqua!
[KAZUMA panting]
[KAZUMA yells]
[PATRONS laughing, chattering]
We can't take
those Toads on alone!
We need to find some allies!
We got 5,000 eris
per frog.
We make that much
at our part-time jobs
without getting eaten.
[talking with mouth full]
They are delicious.
A little tough, but mmm,
the texture's divine!
Back to the allies thing.
I totally agree with you,
but who's gonna party-up
with a couple of beginners
with no gear?
Oh, don't you worry!
Once I put the word out--
Would you swallow your food
before you talk?!
[gulping]
[exhales]
I'm an arch-priest!
One of the advanced classes!
Do you even know
how many people would kill
to have someone like me
in their party?
Once I get the word out,
people will be
lining up shouting,
"Please! Take me!
Take me!"
You'll see!
[thumps table]
Now, give me some more frog
and stop worrying already!
-[eating noisily]
-[KAZUMA] You're welcome.
What a day.
My feet are killing me!
-[WAITRESS] I heard that.
-[WAITRESS 2] Need a hand?
Why's no one coming?
[KAZUMA]
We'd been sitting here
for more than half
the day, waiting.
We posted a flyer
and everything,
-but so far, no bites.
-No way, buddy.
Suit yourself.
[AQUA]
Immediate opening available
in a cozy, harmonious party.
If you wish to go on quests
with Lady Aqua,
the beautiful arch-priest,
then look no further!
[gruff voice]
Ever since I joined this party,
I've been happy every day!
I definitely hit the jackpot!
[squeaky voice]
After joining Lady Aqua's party,
I got over my terminal illness
and became popular!
[AQUA] [normal voice] Only
adventurers in advanced classes
will be considered.
Beginners need not apply.
Maybe you should lower
your standards a little.
I think your "only
advanced classes" thing
is putting people off.
I know. I just...
I thought...
At this point, we should just
call it a day.
I mean, you're on
a whole other level than me,
and that's cool.
But if I'm surrounded
by a bunch of elites like you,
I'd feel like a loser. So--
[WIZARD] I saw your notice
calling for adventurers.
-Ah!
-Uh...
[WIZARD chuckles]
That we should meet
is a fate
chosen by this world.
At last,
my search
for suitable companions
to quest with
has come to an end.
[cape flutters]
My name is Megumin!
I am an arch-wizard
who wields "Explosion,"
the most powerful,
most feared,
most deadly spell
in all the land!
[fluttering stops]
For real?
[chuckles]
Dost thou desire
to align yourself
with a power so fearsome,
its user has been shunned?
Huh?
If so, show me thy resolve
and stare into
the ultimate abyss
with me,
but take heed.
For if thou dost stare
into it,
the abyss shalt
also stare into thee.
Are you pullin' my leg
or somethin'?
N-no, of course not!
-[AQUA] Your eye is red.
-Hmm?
Are you a Crimson Demon?
Indeed!
I am Megumin,
the greatest mage
in the Crimson Demons!
My lethal powers can demolish
the tallest mountains!
Smash the hardest... stone...
[thuds]
-Huh?
-Hey! A-are you okay?
[stomach rumbling]
[groans] I haven't had a thing
to eat in three whole days.
I'd appreciate it if you
could spare some food.
If you're that hungry,
I can spot you.
But what's with
the eye patch?
'Cause I mean, my friend here
can heal you, if you want.
Healing magic is, like,
her only skill.
-My what?!
-[MEGUMIN chuckles]
This is no eyepatch
but a magic item
which suppresses my powers.
I dare not ever remove it.
For if I did,
a great catastrophe
would befall this world.
You're kidding!
So it's like a seal?
No, it's just an eyepatch.
I, uh, wear it
'cause it looks neat.
Ah! I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Please don't pull on it!
No, stop!
You'll break it!
Hang on.
Children of the Crimson
Demon Clan are born
with high intelligence
and magical powers.
They're supposed to be
expert spell-casters.
And they all have
weird names, like her.
Then she's for real?
-[band snaps]
-[MEGUMIN] Ahh!
My poor eye!
Sorry about that.
But I thought you were
messin' around with us.
With all your weird talk
and your weird name, go figure.
[MEGUMIN groans]
Will you stop
making fun of my name?
To me, everyone here has
a weird name,
but where I come from,
mine is totally normal.
Then what are your mom
and dad called.
My mother is Yuiyui,
and my father is Hyoizaburo!
As long as she can do magic
like you say, let's take her.
Alright, that does it!
You can laugh at my name,
but if you make fun
of my parents,
I'll make you regret it!
[MEGUMIN]
Hyoizaburo!
[stomach rumbling]
You know how you can't forge
an adventurer's card?
-Yeah.
-Well, according to hers,
she's definitely
an arch-wizard.
-Huh...
-This girl is capable
of using powerful
offensive magic!
Yeah, her stat's pretty high.
Like, super high.
I know!
It's a big deal
if she can conjure
Explosion magic
like she says.
Why, that's the most advanced
magical attack!
[groans]
Listen, I don't go by "she"
or "this girl."
I have a name,
so please use it!
[stomach rumbling]
[chuckles]
So, "arch-wizard,"
wanna order something?
Explosion is
the strongest spell.
And the more powerful
the spell,
the more time
it takes to conjure.
Keep that frog busy
until I am done
with my preparations.
I can handle one, no sweat.
[AQUA]
Uh, there's another one!
[thudding footsteps]
[KAZUMA]
Damn, they're sneaky!
Alright, focus your spell
on the furthest one out.
I can manage that.
We got this one.
Aqua, I hope you're ready.
We could use your you-know-what
powers right about now.
Come on, show us what a great
you-know-what you used to be!
Oh, shut your mouth!
I'm still a goddess,
you hear?
No "used to be" about it!
You're a goddess?
Um! No, that's just
what she just calls herself!
She says all sorts of crazy
things when she's stressed.
Kinda sad, actually.
[MEGUMIN]
Poor thing.
[crying] Wh-whatever!
I don't care how resistant
these are to attacks.
-I'm going in!
-Uh--
[AQUA]
Just you watch, Kazuma!
I'll show you what the powers
of a goddess can do!
Tremble before me, creature!
God Requiem!
A most lethal attack!
A requiem for
a goddess's love and sorrow!
Whomsoever it strikes, will--
Ah!
That's a goddess for you.
Sacrificing herself
to buy us time.
-[wind gusting]
-Uh... Uh!
[MEGUMIN]
Darkness blacker than black,
darker than dark.
Merge with my deep crimson,
I beseech thee.
The time of awakening
hath come.
From the boundaries
of righteousness,
come, oh Justice,
as an intangible distortion!
Dance. Dance. Dance!
Transform my torrent of power
into a destructive force,
one without equal!
Return all of creation
to cinders
and rise from the abyss!
Grant your humble servant
the most powerful attack
ever known!
Grant your humble servant
the ultimate attack spell!
Explosion!
[explosion booms]
-[KAZUMA grunting]
-[rumbling]
[MEGUMIN chuckles]
[KAZUMA]
Damn!
Now that's what I call magic!
[ground rumbling]
[croaking]
Uh-oh. I guess the explosion
woke it up from its nap.
Hey, Megumin!
Let's fall back and--
Huh?
[MEGUMIN grunting]
Even though my
Explosion spell is powerful,
using it takes
a lot of energy.
I overexerted myself
conjuring it, so now,
well, I can't move
a muscle.
For real?
[MEGUMIN]
Oh no.
I didn't expect
a frog to pop up nearby.
This is bad.
I'll be eaten.
Sorry, but could you please do
something before it--
No, don't get eaten yet!
I'll save you!
[BOY 1] Lookit
how big that tadpole is!
Whoa! It's like a mutant!
[AQUA] [crying]
I smell horrible!
[sniffles]
Horrible!
I don't know if you knew,
but the inside of a frog
is both stinky and cozy.
Gee, thanks.
I can die happy now.
You're banned from using
Explosion again,
unless it's an emergency.
From now on, stick to
less apocalyptic magic.
-Got it?
-That's not possible.
Why not?
Explosion magic is
the only kind I can use.
I don't know how to cast
any other spells.
Seriously?
Seriously.
-Get back here, darn it!
-[ducks honking]
But If your level is high enough
to use Explosion,
shouldn't you be able
to use other magic, too?
Why, even I couldn't learn
all the arch-priest spells
I needed to
until after I learned
all the party tricks first.
[KAZUMA] What monster
would you use a party trick on?
I am an arch-wizard
who loves
Explosion magic
more than anything.
I can't stand the other spells
in the detonation family.
They suck!
Explosion is the one for me!
I'll admit, quests
would be easier for me
if I learned other spells.
But I refuse!
I love the Explosion spell
more than anything!
I don't care that I can
only use it once a day
or that it drains me so much
it knocks me on my face.
I will always,
always love Explosion!
When I started, I chose to walk
the path of the arch-wizard
just so I could cast
that one glorious spell!
That's amazing!
And wonderful!
Even though your goal
is totally bonkers,
I love the passion
you have for it!
[KAZUMA] So, basically,
this mage is useless.
Hell, if Aqua gets
where she's comin' from,
she's gotta be.
[BOTH chuckle]
[KAZUMA]
I mean, just goin' off
how our two fights
with the Toads went,
this "goddess" is
as useless as it gets!
[groans]
The last thing I need's
another Aqua in my life.
Oh well! It sounds like
life's gonna be tough for you,
but keep hangin' in there!
Once we get back to the guild,
we'll split the reward,
and then maybe we'll see you
again some--
[groans]
The only thing I want to do
is use my Explosion spell.
If I can do that,
I don't need a share
of the reward.
But for the cost of a meal
and basic necessities,
you can have the power
of an arch-wizard!
Just give me
a permanent spot
in your party,
and I'm all yours.
No, I couldn't!
A talented mage
like yourself would be wasted
on a couple of small-time
amateurs like us!
[MEGUMIN]
No, not at all!
I don't care if you're
small-time, or amateurs!
I might be an advanced class,
but I'm only level six!
We'd make a great team!
P-please stop pulling
my hand away!
But if you can
only do one spell a day,
what's the point
in having you with us?!
Ugh. She might suck
as a mage,
but she's got
one hell of a grip!
Would you let go
of me already?!
I bet you got dumped
by another party,
and that's why
you're so desperate!
Anyway, if we're
in a dungeon,
you can't use Explosion,
you'll kill us all!
We can't use you!
Hey, keep your slime
to yourself!
Please take me, please!
No other parties will have me!
I'll do whatever you want!
I'll carry your stuff!
Please don't abandon me
like this,
-I'm begging you!
-Oh dear!
That man's going
to abandon that child!
[KAZUMA/MEGUMIN grunting]
Do you see
the other girl there?!
She's covered in slime!
He defiled
that poor little girl,
and now he's
throwing her away!
Oh my gosh! Both those girls
are covered in icky goo!
-[WOMAN whimper]
-What kind of sick game
was that pervert
playing with them?!
Oh, come on!
It's not like that!
-Hmm.
-[gasps]
[MEGUMIN chuckles]
Don't leave me!
I'll play whatever kinky games
you wanna play!
I'll even do that slime-act with
the frogs again, just don't--
Alright, alright, you win!
Welcome to the party!
[KAZUMA/AQUA/MEGUMIN]
KonoSuba.
I confirmed you completed
your quest.
Nice work out there!
No way, I went up
four whole levels.
I didn't know
you could advance so much
just by killing
a few monsters.
It's true!
And the newer the adventurer is,
the faster they'll level up.
Now, after adding the Toads
we bought from you
plus the award
for completing the quest,
the total is one hundred
ten thousand eris.
Does that amount
sound right to you?
Damn, this sucks.
A hundred ten grand
split three ways
is just
thirty-six grand each.
[sighs]
We nearly got ourselves
killed and for what.
Thirty-six lousy grand?
It's not worth it.
The other quests on the board
ain't much better.
[MAN] Help me find my lost pet.
He's a white wolf!
[WOMAN] Seeking a tutor
in swordsmanship for my son.
Applicants must either be
a rune knight or a swordmaster.
[MAN 2]
Would you like to take part
in my magical experiments?
Only those with high HP
or strong magical resistance
need apply!
Yeah, no, thank you.
Man, I wish I could
go back to Japan.
The only ally
we got up to now sucks.
It ain't gonna be easy
livin' in this world.
I saw your poster.
I hope I'm not late.
Are you still recruiting
adventurers for your party?
Umm...
Y-yeah, we are!
I-I wouldn't recommend it!
But i-if you really wanna?
She's a knight.
An unbelievably gorgeous knight!
Crap. She's so pretty
I got nervous,
and my voice squeaked.
Side-effect from bein'
a shut-in for so long.
God, I'm such a dork!
That's good.
I was worried.
You see, I have been
waiting ages
for the right party
to come along.
[shaky breath]
My name is Darkness.
A-and my class
is... crusader.
[panting]
If you would have me,
I-I'd like to j-join your...
...p-p-p-p-p-party, please!
[KAZUMA]
Dear Dad,
I think I'm used to life
in this parallel world now.
I keep busy every day
with a group
of dependable friends.
Work is going well,
and I've been com--